March 15, 2003

RE: Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity -
Reference#: 1005496

Dear Robert L. Hunter, IV;

Thank you for your e-mail dated March 13, 2003. I am the webmaster of the
http://digita.mame.net/  web site. This site is dedicated to video game
emulation on digital cameras and the Sega Dreamcast. I strive hard to make
sure no illegal copyrighted works reside on my web site as stated on the
home page. So any allegation that I am carrying software to which I do not
have permission I take very seriously. However the list of a title provided
to me by yourselves is unfortunately somewhat vague (e.g. "Pac Man")

"Proper notice under the safe harbor provisions requires the copyright
owners to specifically identify and locate the infringing materials.
[512(c)(3)(A)(ii)] Rather than simply sending a letter to the service
provider that claims that infringing material exists on their system, this
qualification ensures that service providers are given a reasonable amount
of information about the infringing material to effectively police its
network. [512(c)(3)(A)(iii)]"

However, I have attempted to remove any items from the digita.mame.net web
site which might match "Pac Man" pursuant to 17 U.S.C. Section 512. I have a
good faith belief that this material was identified by you in error as a
result of mistake or misidentification.

The items I removed are ports of the multipac emulator for the original
Namco Pacman video arcade machine. They do not contain any of the original
roms from the arcade machine. Any user of these emulators must supply these
roms themselves. If I do not hear anything from you with 10 business days I
will put these items back onto my web site and assume the matter is closed.
If there is indeed clear and present proof that the title you listed are
present on my web site, I will be happy to remove those files.

http://digita.mame.net/multipacdc.zip
http://digita.mame.net/Multipac02b823.zip
http://digita.mame.net/Multipac02bDCAM.zip
http://digita.mame.net/Multipac02bColdfire.zip
http://digita.mame.net/Multipac02s.zip

I appreciate your prompt attention to this matter. If you have any questions
about this notice, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Sincerely,

James Surine
xevious@holonet.net
http://digita.mame.net/
